♪ ♪ ♪
GOOD AFTERNOON, WELCOME
TO THE UNIVISON NEWSPAPER.
WE START WITH A NEW AND
BRUTAL EPISODE OF VIOLENCE IN
EXICO
NOW WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THE COMPLAINT
OF AN EXECUTION OF 21 PEOPLE
A HANDS OF MEXICAN SOLDIERS
IN A PERSECUTION TO ALLEGED
DRUG TRAFFICKERS.
THE MOTHER OF A VICTIM
ADOLESCENT SAYS IT WAS
WITNESS OF THE KILL.
ENSURE THAT YOUR DAUGHTER AND THE DEAS
SUSPECTS WERE REMITTED
FOR THE MILITARY WHEN
THEY WERE SUBMITTED.
ANDREA GONALEZ HAS THE
VERSON OF THE EARTH AND OTHERS
DETAILS OF THE INCIDENT.
AN INVESTIGATION
PERIOISTICA PUTS IN DUTA LA
VERSON THAT GIVES THE EARTH
MEXICAN ON THE DEATH OF 22
PEOPLE ON JUNE 30.
HAPPENED IN THE STATE OF EXICO
WHEN IT WAS INFORMED THAT DURING
A CONFRONTATION 21 MEN AND
A WOMAN WERE CLOSED AND THAT
ADEAS TWO KIDNAPPED WOMEN
HAVE BEEN RELEASED.
IN THOSE IAS THE GOVERNOR
OF THE STATE I RECOGNIZE THIS
ACCON.
TOGETHER WE ARE WORKING
TO COMBAT THE TRUTHFUL
ENEMIES OF THE COMPANY.
WHAT ARE THE CRIMINALS.
A GROUP OF REPORTERS OF THE
AP AGENCY AND THE MAGAZINE ...
DECIDED TO INDAGATE ON THE
CASE.
EDUARDO CASTILLO FORO PART OF
THE INVESTIGATION AND ENCOUNTER
ONE OF THE SURVIVORS
INHABITANT OF WARRIOR,
LOCATED IN THE SOUTHEAST OF
EXICO
WHAT WE HAVE ABOUT HER
I RECEIVE INFORMACON THAT YOUR
DAUGHTER WAS WITH A GROUP OF
OVENES.
WHEN I TRIED TO RESCUE
YOUR DAUGHTER OF FIFTEEN YEARS
OVENES DID NOT LET HIM EXIT
THE BODEGA.
THE EXERCISE TURNS ON A
REFLECTOR.
AND BEGINS TO SHOOT.
SEUN THE STORY OF THE MAA.
THE OVEN ARE SAYING THEY SHOOT.
AND AFTER A CONFRONTATION
THE SOLDIERS TELL THE
OVEN THAT SURRENDER AND THAT YOU
YOU ARE GOING TO RESPECT LIFE.
THE SECRETARY OF THE DEFENSE
I SAY A COMMUNIQUE
ARGUINING THAT THE SHOTS
WERE IN OWN DEFENSE.
THE VERSON OR THE WITNESS IS
DIFFERENT.
THEY RETURN TO THE WINERY
WHERE THEY LISTEN THAT THEY ARE SHOT.
SHE SAYS THAT OMO TESTIFIES
HURT DAUGHTER IS FLYED BY
ALUN SOLDIER AND SHOT HIM
THE CHEST.
UNTIL THE MOMENT NEITHER THE
SECRETARY OR THE ATTORNEY
THEY RESPONDED TO THIS WORK.
BUT THE ORGANIZATIONS
DEFENDERS OF RIGHTS
HUMANS WERE PRONOUNCED AND
REQUESTED THERE TO BE TRANSPARENCY
IN THE INVESTIGATIONS.